sam what's happening man thanks so much
for sending me a copy of your new book
the no bs guide
to website lead gen for people like me
we don't see the marketing side until
way later in our careers and then we
have an appreciation for it
so this is a really short read for those
of you out there
that are on the sales side that want to
know how the website feeds the top of
your funnel
there's a little bit of tech stuff in
there sam's really knowledgeable
and there's a lot to be learned from the
tech side but really
like how website lead gen works and
feeds your funnel
is so valuable for any sales rep that's
looking to know
the whole picture and not just the
picture that matters most to their
pockets
so thanks again sam for sending this
along i recommend that anybody that's in
sales or marketing read this
so they know how the two things work
together talk to you soon